this my friends is my highly
unfunctional studio where I build Lego
KC nice that is a viral video makeup
from New York he has over four hundred
fifty thousand subscribers and he is my
favorite youtuber he is a youtuber who
inspires me to continue making videos as
I do
he doesn't make Lego videos he just
makes Brady really cool movies which is
set to inspire people so this is the
first case teen iced out which I'm gonna
do and this is Casey Neistat suited and
booted with a skateboard as he does
skateboarding around New York City with
his very famous canon camera the next
Casey no sir is when he is going through
New York on his bike in the bike lanes
this is his most popular video with 13
million plus years traveling how the
bike lanes in New York a too cluttered
up with workmen unpacking their stuff
signs objects everywhere and why they
are almost impossible to cycle in the
3rd Casey Neistat is when he is shooting
his famous $2 bills video where he shows
that his favorite denomination is the $2
bill and he always orders him in every
month and he said that was giving up
free $2 pills stickers and all you had
to do was send him an envelope with an
envelope inside to get a free $2 bill
sticker the fourth scene with Casey nice
that it's actually an interpretation
misses properly how he feels when he's
punching the punch bag in his office the
fifth scene with Casey nicer when he
goes on a trip with Owen nice that his
son to find matching Picchu and here
they are walking along the train tracks
yes I have watched almost
one of his videos the last scene is when
KC nice that goes to me Candace at a
coffee shop a video bye